# unithg_bmi

## Description

This project is a Python-based Nextgen-BMI model that implements unit hydrograph functionality.

## Table of Contents

1. [Description](#description)
2. [Setup](#setup)
    1. [Dependencies](#dependencies)
    2. [Installation](#installation)
3. [Usage](#usage)
4. [Testing](#testing)
5. [Participation](#participation)
    1. [Known Issues](#known-issues)
    2. [Getting Help](#getting-help)
    3. [Getting Involved](#getting-involved)
6. [Open Source Licensing Info](#open-source-licensing-info)
7. [Credits and References](#credits-and-references)

## Setup

### Dependencies

The following dependencies are required for this project:

1. bmipy
2. matplotlib
3. numpy

### Installation

To install this project, run the following command:

```python
pip install .
```

## Usage

Using this project requires a working installation of [Ngen](https://github.com/NOAA-OWP/ngen), or a working dev container with Ngen installed, such as through [NGIAB-CloudInfra](https://github.com/CIROH-UA/NGIAB-CloudInfra).

Once you have a working installation of Ngen, you can incorporate the included `formulation.json` into an Ngen realization file.

The last step is to ensure that this project is installed in the same environment as Ngen, such that it can be accessed by Ngen.

## Testing

This project currently does not include an automated testing suite.

However, most included functionality can be tested through the use of __name__ == '__main__' blocks, or the `test_module.py` script.

## Participation

### Known Issues

This project currently does not currently have any known issues.

### Getting Help

If you have questions or need help with this project, please contact the author, [Chad Perry](https://github.com/chp2001), or open an issue on the project's GitHub repository.

### Getting Involved

If you feel that something is missing or could be improved, please feel free to open an issue or a pull request. Additional details are available in the project's [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) file.

## Open Source Licensing Info

1. [LICENSE](LICENSE)

## Credits and References

This project was created by [Chad Perry](https://github.com/chp2001) on July 16, 2024.

This README.md file was generated by a Python script on September 03, 2024.
